Add Triton FasterTransformer example (#2836)
kserve/kserve: docs/samples/v1beta1/triton/fastertransformer/README.md

    - --allow-grpc=true
    - --allow-http=true
    image: <my-custom-triton-image>
    name: kserve-container
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: "1"
        memory: 2Gi
      requests:
        cpu: "1"
        memory: 2Gi
  protocolVersions:
  - v2
  - grpc-v2
  supportedModelFormats:
  - name: triton
    version: "2"
```

## Exporting the BLOOM 560m model

The FasterTransformer repo provides a script for converting the HuggingFace BLOOM model to FasterTransformer format. The following directions are based on those outlined in the [FasterTransformer backend repo](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fastertransformer_backend/blob/main/docs/gpt_guide.md#run-bloom).

1. Create a working directory
```sh
mkdir ~/triton-bloom
cd ~/triton-bloom
```

2. Clone the HuggingFace BLOOM 560m repository

```sh
# Make sure you have git-lfs installed (https://git-lfs.com)
git lfs install
git clone https://huggingface.co/bigscience/bloom-560m
```

3. Fetch the conversion script

```sh
curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/FasterTransformer/main/examples/pytorch/gpt/utils/huggingface_bloom_convert.py
```

4. Convert the HuggingFace model to FT format

```sh

> python3 huggingface_bloom_convert.py -o bloom -i ./bloom-560m/ -tp 1

Reviewer: We can add some explanation here for what tp means here and how they can shard the model if it is too big

> 4. Convert the HuggingFace model to FT format
> 
> ```sh
> python3 huggingface_bloom_convert.py -o bloom -i ./bloom-560m/ -tp 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Convert the HuggingFace model to FT format. Use the `-tp` option to enable Tensor Parallelism across multiple GPUS and the `-dt` option to reduce the precision. 

```sh
pip3 install numpy transformers torch
python3 huggingface_bloom_convert.py -o bloom -i ./bloom-560m/ -tp 1 -dt fp16
```
